For them, we don't separate anything. Study and practices are combined. And that's called
"Hierdha Tsondra". "Hierdha" means "Dropa" or "Sondra" in Tibetan. Study and practices
are combined together. Together, that is, in a "Tsoni" or "Sondra". Accumulating marriage
are combined together. If we do that, we practice, then we will achieve the "Kuni" or "Sondra"
in Tibetan. Which means "Thirikayas are united union". So practicing studying is a union,
and two marriages are union. The result, because of that, is the result of the achievement of
the three "Tukayas" are in union status. Therefore, we cannot separate it. Separate it. And for
that reason, even though we are studying, it's known as "Hierdha", we cannot follow it one
or another. But always, I cannot touch that all teachings are really absorbed into the
heart. It's all our nature of the mind. So always touch that back to the nature. Each
time, when we touch in the teachings on that, it is the glorified meaning of our nature,
our beauty, our quality. If we observe in that way, then our mind becomes more gentle,
peaceful, more joy, more appreciation, more respectful, and more humble, and more simple,
down to the ground, not hovering in the sky, at least in that place, and then losing the
ground. That is not the style of the practice. Practice are very grounded, grounded on the
beautiful foundation of that what we were discussing. Humble and simple, and very thought,
very step-back post, politeness. Those are our whole quality of the practices. And what
the Buddhist Buddha teaching said in the New Mar schools, and they always say, "The sign
of the starting and knowing the Buddha teaching is very gentle and peaceful manner. Manner
become very peaceful, manner become very gentle, manner become very full-likefulness, and that
is a sign of that you really are gentleman and lady, gentle lady, but ladies and gentlemen,
that is sign of the practices. And the sign, sorry, sign of the startings. Sign of the
practice is less emotions. It is very versatile. "Tuta sheshintrova gomta nyumum eva." Sign
of the starting and the knowledge is gentle, manner. Sign of the practice is walking as
you practice, less emotions. All emotions arising, you handle immediately, is not further
more disturbance to your, one's own self, to the others. That is the really, the practicing
is going to the right direction. Starting is going the right direction. But otherwise,
if you practice and starting, we sit at it so many years. We practice so many years of
our emotions become stronger, stronger, stronger. Our manners become more irregular, more irregular
,
even more violent than those drunk persons in the streets. That becomes, then, our teaching
is not really observing. That question, it's questionable, questionable. And look this,
for example, Buddha, we read life's rule of Buddha, Kya kya muni. How gentle, how peaceful.
How more calm and fruitful, holding the bathing bowl, house bowl,
walking with bare sticks, wearing the regular robes.
Read that. That is gracious teacher, our gracious teacher. Then our teachers, all those, such as
Hizal Dojo. How really humble and simple, for example. You may have, you did it, maybe so.
I had the opportunity for you to ask, so Hizal Dojo. How gentle, how peaceful, don't
to the earth, don't to the earth. And I can't keep on Hizal Dojo too. How simple, how humble,
how humble, how simple, don't to the earth. And then Hizal dojo, for example, now the
leaving great masters. How really humble and simple. Simple, never claiming anything that
such as this and that things. He always is one of the citizens of the old world. He's nothing but
then the follow, following the teaching of the Buddha. He always proclaims that. Those all are
known as, as humble and simple. Even though these great beings are truly emanated beings,
not just the regular average beings. Those are what we know now. So therefore, again,
this all started with this, our mind. So they rested, we do motivation and thought,
and then joy and application. And now we look like the teaching itself.